Is he the one who was shocked?
Four-seat champion seeds
Why is my sister's life so good?
I'm pissed off.
No way.
The relationship between the two women must be finished
Mr. Yang, this gift is too precious
I can't take it.
My father taught me from a young age that no merit goes unrewarded
Lin, you have now broken the world record
Win glory for the motherland in the future
You are the hero of our country
Take it.
Everyone who came to the implementation meeting today has
It's just that this is the most special
Lin, take it
Ah, then thank Mr. Yang for his kindness
You're welcome, you're welcome.
Classmate Lin, as long as you like it
Hey, look at me
You must be hungry after standing for so long
Let's go to the banquet hall for dinner first.
Come please please
Come to Brother Lin to invite Mr. Yang
Mr. Yang, you request to give Ms. Liu Huixin
Prepared 200 million contract
It has been completed.
Please take a look.
OK
If there is no problem
Later at the world conference
You can sign the contract directly. Okay.
Is it okay?
Mr. Yang, I remember my mother's business
I haven't reached the point where I can cooperate with you yet.
Do you contract his company?
It's really not qualified to cooperate with our Yunting.
I'm doing this for a reason.
It's all based on your face, classmate Lin
Mr. Yang, I appreciate your concern
But this, classmate Lin, I know you are upright
Not shameless people who are greedy for profit
But you shine
Select our Yunting Hotel to participate
This oath ceremony
It has brought over 100 to our Yunting Hotel.
Billion exposure
The fox I know at Yunting Hotel
Not like this little 200 million contract
Again
I, Yang, am by no means ungrateful
I wanted to repay you and Brother Lin directly
However, that box of two is really elegant
So I can only choose to give this kindness
Did you repay Ms. Liu Huixin?
Mr. Yang, this 200 million contract is too expensive
We can't do that.
Mrs. Liu Huixin, Brother Lin, is your wife
It is also the mother of Lin Hongjun
She deserves this gift
Again
This project is ongoing in our company
Even if you don't give it to Ms. Liu Huixin, you will give it to others
It's no different from me, Mr. Yang
My mother